# Bill


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**created_at** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**updated_at** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**currency_id** | **string** | Use either currency_id or currency_code | [optional] [default to undefined]
**currency_code** | **string** | Use either currency_id or currency_code | [optional] [default to undefined]
**currency_symbol** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**currency_decimal_places** | **number** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_id** | **string** | The administration\&#39;s native currency ID. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_code** | **string** | The administration\&#39;s native currency code. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_symbol** | **string** | The administration\&#39;s native currency symbol. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_decimal_places** | **number** | The administration\&#39;s native currency decimal places. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**name** | **string** |  | [default to undefined]
**amount_min** | **string** |  | [default to undefined]
**amount_max** | **string** |  | [default to undefined]
**native_amount_min** | **string** | The max amount of this bill in the user\&#39;s native currency, if the original amount is in a different currency. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_amount_max** | **string** | The min amount of this bill in the user\&#39;s native currency, if the original amount is in a different currency. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**date** | **string** |  | [default to undefined]
**end_date** | **string** | The date after which this bill is no longer valid or applicable | [optional] [default to undefined]
**extension_date** | **string** | The date before which the bill must be renewed (or cancelled) | [optional] [default to undefined]
**repeat_freq** | [**BillRepeatFrequency**](BillRepeatFrequency.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**skip** | **number** | How often the bill must be skipped. 1 means a bi-monthly bill. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**active** | **boolean** | If the bill is active. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**order** | **number** | Order of the bill. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**notes** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**next_expected_match** | **string** | When the bill is expected to be due. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**next_expected_match_diff** | **string** | Formatted (locally) when the bill is due. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**object_group_id** | **string** | The group ID of the group this object is part of. NULL if no group. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**object_group_order** | **number** | The order of the group. At least 1, for the highest sorting. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**object_group_title** | **string** | The name of the group. NULL if no group. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**pay_dates** | **Array&lt;string&gt;** | Array of future dates when the bill is expected to be paid. Autogenerated. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**paid_dates** | [**Array&lt;BillPaidDatesInner&gt;**](BillPaidDatesInner.md) | Array of past transactions when the bill was paid. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { Bill } from './api';

const instance: Bill = {
    created_at,
    updated_at,
    currency_id,
    currency_code,
    currency_symbol,
    currency_decimal_places,
    native_currency_id,
    native_currency_code,
    native_currency_symbol,
    native_currency_decimal_places,
    name,
    amount_min,
    amount_max,
    native_amount_min,
    native_amount_max,
    date,
    end_date,
    extension_date,
    repeat_freq,
    skip,
    active,
    order,
    notes,
    next_expected_match,
    next_expected_match_diff,
    object_group_id,
    object_group_order,
    object_group_title,
    pay_dates,
    paid_dates,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
