# BudgetLimit


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**created_at** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**updated_at** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**start** | **string** | Start date of the budget limit. | [default to undefined]
**end** | **string** | End date of the budget limit. | [default to undefined]
**currency_id** | **string** | Use either currency_id or currency_code. Defaults to the user\&#39;s default currency. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**currency_code** | **string** | Use either currency_id or currency_code. Defaults to the user\&#39;s default currency. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**currency_name** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**currency_symbol** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**currency_decimal_places** | **number** |  | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_id** | **string** | The administration\&#39;s native currency ID. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_code** | **string** | The administration\&#39;s native currency code. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_symbol** | **string** | The administration\&#39;s native currency symbol. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**native_currency_decimal_places** | **number** | The administration\&#39;s native currency decimal places. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**budget_id** | **string** | The budget ID of the associated budget. | [readonly] [default to undefined]
**period** | **string** | Period of the budget limit. Only used when auto-generated by auto-budget. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**amount** | **string** |  | [default to undefined]
**native_amount** | **string** | The amount of this budget limit in the user\&#39;s native currency, if the original amount is in a different currency. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**spent** | **string** | Will be in the native currency if this is turned on by the user. | [optional] [readonly] [default to undefined]
**notes** | **string** | Some notes for this specific budget limit. | [optional] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { BudgetLimit } from './api';

const instance: BudgetLimit = {
    created_at,
    updated_at,
    start,
    end,
    currency_id,
    currency_code,
    currency_name,
    currency_symbol,
    currency_decimal_places,
    native_currency_id,
    native_currency_code,
    native_currency_symbol,
    native_currency_decimal_places,
    budget_id,
    period,
    amount,
    native_amount,
    spent,
    notes,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
